# Secret Feature Plan
## Attack Option: 
#### Option B, Implementing necessary collision detections among different bullets.
## Design Impacts:
#### Existing Infrastructure: 
Our existing code allows for projectile collision detection between the enemies and users bullets. This allows us to handle collisions between all projectile types. We do this by treating the entire game screen as a matrix. Then, every time a game object (player, projectile, enemy) enters a new “bucket”, row and column of the matrix, then their existence is erased from the old bucket it was in and entered into the new bucket. Then every time the “Update” method is called on a game object the object will check if other game objects are currently inside it bucket and take the appropriate action. The current appropriate action for projectiles is to destroy each other if opposing types and ignore each other if the same type. Currently, we do not have the ability for the projectiles to “push” one another like shown in the video for option B and that will be the main change that will be implemented for our secret feature.
#### Necessary Changes: 
##### What: 
In order to implement the feature described for option B, we will need to add a projectile mass property so that larger massed projectiles can push its fellow projectiles out of its way when a collision is detected. The mass of the projectile can also be used to calculate how much health it has so if a small-massed user projectile hits a large-masses enemy projectile the users will die and the enemies will simply lose part of its mass. The mass will also be used to conduct the necessary physics in order to know the path offset the collision has on both projectiles.
##### How:
We will add a “mass” property to our projectiles. Using this new mass property and the existing projectile path and velocity we will be able to calculate how two objects will reflect off one another. There is no need to use any design patterns for the changes needed as these changes will not affect existing code and will simply allow for the extension of the projectiles features rather than any alteration. Then we will add a new method in the projectile class that will be used for specifically handling the condition when two “friendly” projectiles collide, i.e. two enemy projectiles colliding. This method will be called in the existing update method and will not alter the way existing code in the update method. Instead, it will just extend the ability of the update method to not only check for destruction type collision but also allow for “push” type collisions where two of the same projectile types collide and push one another away.


